# User_Choice

Imagine the scenario where an organization forces their machines to require a password X seconds after the screen saver begins; lets use 15 seconds in this hypothetical example. Now further imagine this company has a user that maybe lives with a roommate they found on Craigslist (or don't fully trust for whatever other reason) and would like to set this value to 0 seconds for further security in their personal life. Here, the configuration profile forces the user into the '15 second' choice and doesn't allow them to change it even if they want to change that value to something that is even more secure than what they company requires.

With that, we can introduce our 'User choice' script that's made available as a policy in Self Service. The dialog box pops up, lets them hit the button for '0 seconds' (or cancel if they didn't mean to/decide they don't want to), then writes the 'Requested' value to an Extension Attribute created for this purpose. That EA value then puts the computer into a smart group which would be a scope exclusion for the default security configuration profile and would also be the scope target for the 'more secure' version of that configuration profile.

Now your users feel more secure in their personal life and you stay within security compliance. Giving them this choice allows you to maintain open communication between end users and IT and saves you from any tedious one-off work just because Tommy in Accounting is having a fight with his roommate. Depending on your scenario or security need, this script also gives you the option to revert the extension attribute value to an original value and redeploy the 'default' security settings to the machine.
